DV125_10_PAS ON Common Network Ports
Self-Assessment Sheet


1. What is Port 20 (TCP)? 
TCP/20 FTP data transfer protocol (active mode data)


2. What is Port 21 (TCP)? 
FTP (Control)


3. What is FTP (File Transfer Protocol)?
20 / 21 it is file transfer protocol which required username and password before begin to transfer file or data.


4. What is Port 22 (TCP)?
SSH


5. What is SSH (Secure Shell)?
It is encrypted tunnel which can use to connect remote device securely and it send all traffic encrypted. it works on port 22.


6. What is Port 23 (TCP)?
Telnet (Telecommunication Network Protocol)


7. What is Telnet?
it is used to communicate with server. but it sends unencrypted traffic. 


8. What is Port 25 (TCP)?
SMTP


9. What is Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)?
Simple Mail Transfer Protocol, Responsible for sending and receiving emails(mail client-mail server). SMTP used for sending email and for receiving mail it used IMAP or POP3


10. What is Port 53 (UDP)?
DNS


11. What is DNS (Domain Name System)?
It resolved the ip address based on domain name. ex when user search about any particular website at a time in background DNS will works and finds a particular ip that assigned to that website.


12. What is Port 80 (TCP)?
HTTP


13. What is Port 443 (TCP)?
HTTPS or SSL 


14. What is HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol)?
It is used for communicate with web browser(web server) and by other applications.


15. What is HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure)?
It is upgraded version of HTTP which combination of HTTP+SSL 


16. Port 110 (TCP)?
POP (Post Office Protocol)


17. What is Port 143 (TCP)?
IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol)


18. POP and IMAP?
POP and IMAP is both used for receiving emails
POP: - It can provide functionality to access email without internet because it download in local device.


IMAP: - It allowed user to manage their email directly on main server without downloading them in their local devices.
        1 message synchronized (one device add remove or send email it reflect to all other devices)
        2 server-side-search (it allowed user to search any email from server which eliminates download all email in device)
IMAP can allow user to access email from multiple device which is one of key feature of it.


19. What is POP3 (Post Office Protocol version 3)?
It is used to receive emails to email client however it cannot used in multiple devices where email client is login. so it can used only in one email client at a time for receiving emails.


20. What is IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol)?
IMAP used for synchronized email with multiple devices. IMAP4 currently used