DV125_50_PAS On Inkjet Printer Maintenance
Self-Assessment Sheet


Q1. What is an important maintenance step on an inkjet printer? 
Ans: Printhead


Q2. What is the ink used in inkjet printers prone to? 
Ans: clogging


Q3. How can you tell if a print head needs to be cleaned? **
A: output has streaks or sections of missing color


Q4. How can you clean a printer's print head? 
Ans: printhead take out and clean clogged manually and place it back in printer


Q5. Removing the cartridge to clean the print head or remove the individual print heads themselves is an easy process. (True/ False)
Ans. True


Q6. How can you fix the clog? 
Ans: by removing manually 


Q7. How often do inkjet cartridges need to be replaced? **
Ans: when they are depleted 


Q8. Does this printer have a single cartridge for each color? 
Ans: no


Q9. What if any one of those colors becomes depleted in this printer?
Ans. replace entire cartridge


Q10. What are the advantages of having a single cartridge for each colour?
Ans. much more efficient when replace single color depleted


Q11. How long does it take to replace a cartridge in a printer? 
Ans: few seconds


Q12. What is the cartridge made of? **
Ans: All plastics 


Q13. What do you need to do after replacing a cartridge? 
Ans: calibrate printer


Q14. How can you recycle used cartridges? 
Ans: manufacture has own option for recycle it 


Q15. How do you replace a print cartridge in an inkjet printer? 
Ans: after certain amount of print paper 


Q16. What do you need to do after replacing the print cartridge? **
Ans: calibrate printer


Q17. What is a common printer troubleshooting challenge? **
Ans. clearing paper jam


Q18. How can you remove a stuck piece of paper? 
Ans. firm try to remove paper on the path that already on and there should be a option to release paper 


Q19. What might help with the removal of a paper jam?
Ans: get lose paper first 


Q20. What should be done after a paper jam is removed? 
Ans: check all side there should be no piece of paper that stuck inside printer somewhare.