DV125_29_PAS_SCSI Device Cables 
Self-Assessment Sheet


Q1. What does SCSI stand for?
Ans: small computer system interface 


Q2. What is a SCSI interface? 
Ans: it is a standard interface which is used to connect storage device, printer, scanner and other input device.


Q3. What was the purpose of creating the SCSI interface? 
Ans: connect many devices together in one interface.


Q4. How many devices can be connected to one SCSI chain? 
Ans: up to 16 devices (daisy chanining)


Q5. What is the newest SCSI standard? 
Ans: iSCSI or SCsI over Ip


Q6. What types of connectivity does SCSI support? 
Ans: PATA parallel connectivity and SATA which is serial connectivity.


Q7. How many devices could a single SCSI interface support on a narrow bus? 
Ans: 8 


Q8. What was used to connect our scanners and CD-ROM drives before SATA and USB? 
Ans: SCSI


Q9. What is one of the benefits of SCSI and its protocols? 
Ans: intelligent form of connectivity 


Q10. Are SCSI protocols still used today? 
Ans:  Yes but not as much popular as it was in past


Q11. What is the 68 pin connector commonly used for? 
Ans: SCSI interface (Ultra 3 interface)

Q12. What is the purpose of having a single interface on a computer? 
Ans: to connect multiple devices 


Q13. What is the purpose of a SCSI ID? 
Ans: To differentiate between all devices 


Q14. How does SCSI allow for connectivity to a drive array? 
Ans: by logical id that allows a reference a single drive within a much larger SCSI ID device


Q15. What is the purpose of a SCSI terminator? 
Ans: to match the termination impedance at each end of SCSI bus


Q16. What is a logical unit? 
Ans: It is defined with each SCSI ID, Separate drives in a storage array or virtual machine.


Q17. What is a newer SCSI standard? 
Ans: Serial attached SCSI or SAS


Q18. Is there anything required to use a SAS device? 
Ans:  Additional setting to make it able to use those serial attached SCSI devices.


Q19. What can be seen on the back of an external SCSI storage device? 
Ans: SCSI interface in and out, power connector, fan cooling 


Q20. Are there any buttons to modify the SCSI ID? 
Ans: Yes


Q21. What does a SCSI controller look like when you look inside a computer? 
Ans: Cables which has many connector 


Q22. What does the SCSI terminator look like? 
Ans: 


Q23. What replaced the need for cables with multiple interfaces and devices with multiple SCSI interfaces? ** (No terminator needed, no point to point connection)
Ans: SATA (Serial interface connection)