DV125_62_PAS_Troubleshooting Video and Display Issues
Self-Assessment Sheet




Q1. What could be the cause of no signal from a video display? 
Ans: check cable connectivity, VGA,HDMI, Display port


Q2. How can the issue of no signal from a video display be resolved?
Ans: check power cable and input cable


Q3. What should you do if the image on the display is very dim? 
Ans:  check brightness setting


Q4. What should you do if you are getting a black screen when you start the Windows operating system? 
Ans: try different monitor or use VGA F8 generic mode


Q5. What might you be able to see on a display with a black screen? 
Ans:  Use F8 VGA 


Q6. What should you check if you're using a VGA connection? 
Ans: press F8


Q7. How can I fix a distorted or misaligned display? 
Ans: check os setting and refresh rate or resolution 


Q8. What does the documentation for the monitors tell you?
Ans. what resolution and refresh rate monitor support


Q9. What if your video adapter supports hardware acceleration?
Ans.  disable video adapter and then try 


Q10. What is a challenge when working with LCD displays? 
Ans: fixed number of pixels 


Q11. What is the best way to get a sharp picture on an LCD display? 
Ans: by matching native resolution of display 


Q12. What does it mean when some letters are larger and more blocky than other letters in an output? **
Ans: wrong resolution is been used


Q13. What should be done if you don't want to use the native resolution of a display? 
Ans: change resolution by going in display resolution setting 




Q14. Give one example to describe this statement “ if you don't want to use the native resolution of a display” .
Ans. match a resolution which is approximate same as native resolution like 2560 x 1600 so it is equal to 1920 x 1200


Q15. What is the problem of “burn-in”? 
Ans: a one image on screen stay on screen very long time and when image changes the portion of that image burn out in screen (it means it still showing some part of that image)


Q16. What is pixel-shift technology? 
Ans:  it is technology if image stay on screen long so it automatically slightly moves pixel after certain amount of time.


Q17. On LCDs you may see this burn-in referred to as ____________.**
Ans. image sticking


Q18. How can you clean the screen from a stuck image? 
Ans: by displaying a white screen for extended period of time.


Q19. What are dead pixels? 
Ans: some of pixel that do not have color, it always stays black 


Q20. Is there a way to fix a dead pixel on an LCD monitor? 
Ans: No


Q21. What causes flickering of the image? **
Ans: a loose cable make flicking display


Q22. How do you fix a monitor that is flickering? **
Ans: by checking cabling connection with screen or replacing with new cable


Q23. What if there’s a difference between the capabilities of the monitor and what you’re sending to that monitor through the driver? **
Ans. flickering to output


Q24. How can you fix the issue when the output that is shown is the wrong color?
Ans. check monitor configuration, factory reset 


Q25. Does the operating system modify the colors depending on the time of day? 
Ans: yes


Q26. What is important to know when using a monitor with built-in speakers? 
Ans: is there separate audio cable or confirm the input cable.


Q27. How can you adjust the brightness and contrast settings on a monitor? 
Ans: configuration on monitor


Q28. What can cause a display to be black? 
Ans: if you see on screen that it slightly on so it might be blacklight failure                        


Q29. What happens when the backlight fails and how will you resolve it? 
Ans: replace backlight or buy new monitor

Q30. What is an LCD projector? 
Ans: large screen projection


Q31. Is the lamp inside projectors a hot light? 
Ans: Yes


Q32. What kind of lamp is inside projectors? 
Ans: bright light lamp


Q33. Why is it a best practice to leave the fan running when you turn off an LCD projector? 
Ans: bcz lamp replacement cost is higer (35$ to 350$)


Q34. What should you do if the LCD projector intermittently shuts down and goes completely black but the fan continues to run? **
Ans: cooling problem and make sure air inside it blowing 


Q35. How can I improve the airflow in my projector? **
Ans: remove blockage or if there is air filter then replace it.