DV125_20_PAS ON Internet Connection Types


1. What is satellite networking?
        Satellite networking is sending and receiving data from satellite and it connects a large long distance area network anywhere in earth.
2. How does the cost of satellite connectivity compare to other forms of internet connectivity?
        As it connects to satellite it is cost a much than gound internet because maintaining satellite is much harder than ground or undersea internet cables.


3. What are typical speeds for satellite internet?
        It can be varies on network connection and signals. 50mbps downloading, 3mbps uploading 
4. What are some common uses for satellite internet?
        GPS
5. What is latency when communicating with satellites in space?
        A time to data packet reach to satellite and get back from satellite.
6. How does satellite internet compare to terrestrial internet when it comes to latency?
        250 miliseconds
7. What is a newer type of satellite network?
        Starlink
8. What is the latency time advertised by Starlink?
40 millisecond - 20 miliseconds
9. What frequency range do satellite connections operate in?
2 GHz 
10. What is the cause of rain fade when using a satellite connection?
Rain in between satellite and home or office(signal capture antenna).
11. What is the advantage of fiber optic links for internet connections?
It can send very large amount of data with light of speed
12. Why is fiber optics more expensive than other internet connections?
because maintains is difficult and costly and it communicate over long distance.
13. How is fiber optics used in enterprise networks?
Support very high speed data speed and cover large area.
14. How does running fiber optics to a home or business improve bandwidth?
        running on network core can improve bandwidth home and business


15. What is the method of communication used by cable broadband?
multiple frequency 
16. How does cable broadband transmit video, voice, and data?
sending data using different frequencies 
17. Who might provide cable broadband service?
        ISP or Telecommunication service provider 
18. What is the standard for sending data over cable networks?
Data over cable service interface specification 
19. What are the typical speeds of DOCSIS networks?
50 mbps - 1gbps
20. Do you need to bring additional cables or services into your home for DOCSIS?
No it will support all voice, video, internet 
21. What is the technology that uses existing copper in a home?
DSL (Digital Subcriber Line)
22. What is the difference between the speed of download and upload on DSL?
download means receiving data from DSL and upload means sending data to somewhere on internet.
23. What are the typical speeds of DSL networks?
200 mbps downloads,  20 mbps for upload
24. What is the limitation of DSL in terms of distance?
        Faster speed may possible while near the internet provider.


25. What type of networks are commonly used for internet connectivity when away from home or office?
        cellular network 


26. How is internet connectivity provided through cellular networks?
        through cellular Antenna 


27. What is tethering?
Turn your phone into router while turning of hotspot, bluetooth.

28. What is a hotspot?
Standalone device which used for other device may access internet through hotspot device

29. What is a WISP?
Wireless internet service provider

30. In what areas are WISPs commonly found?
Connect remote area or rural area

31. What are the typical speeds of wireless networks provided by WISPs?
         10 mbps to 1 gbps
________________


Section B


Q1. What Is Satellite Internet?
A. 
Q2. What is fiber optic internet?
A. 
Q3. What is broadband internet?
A. 
Q4. What is DSL?
A.
Q5. What is a cellular network?
A. 
Q6. What is wisp internet?
A.