DV125_2_PAS On Laptop Hardware
Self-Assessment Sheet


1. What does it mean to be modular? 
Ans: - Modular means any system part such as memory, disk, battery that can be replaced easily that is called as modular.

2. What type of battery technology do we use today?
Ans: - Lithium-Ion, Lithium-LiPo

3. What happens each time you charge a battery?
Ans: - It lost lifecycle or decrease capacity.

4. What is one advantage to using a modular battery configuration?
Ans: - Easy to configure without opening laptop.

5. True or False? lithium-ion batteries are designed to be 80 percent charged. 
Ans: -False

6. True or False? In lithium-ion batteries, discharging some of the battery and charging it back up again you have to worry about causing a effect on memory or limiting the amount of capacity that battery might have.
Ans: -False

7. Where are all the programs that are executing in your operating system executing?
Ans: - Windows [ C:\Programs Files ], Linux [ /usr, /bin, /sbin ]or Memory

8. What does SO-DIMM stand for?
Ans: -Small Outline Dual In-Line Memory Module

9. Where is SO-DIMM usually used?
Ans: - Laptops, Mobile Devices 

10.  Are you able to change/upgrade memory for a device that has it soldered to the motherboard?
Ans: -No

11.  In what form do older laptops have storage in?
Ans : -Magnetic disk or HDD 

12.  In what form do new laptops have storage?
Ans: -SATA, M.2 SSD  

13.  What is one advantage of SSD?
Ans: - Read-Write is faster so processing is fast compared to HDD.  

14.  What is one way you can migrate from a hard drive to an SSD
     Ans: - Using sata cable and converter, installing OS in ssd and moving all documents and data into it. or clone(Imaged) of hard drive   

15.  What are some types of authentications?
Ans: - single sign on, MFA, 2FA, Passkeys, security codes, backup codes, Biometrics, Third Party Authenticator APP (Microsoft Authenticator) 

16. What is one disadvantage of laptop keyboard?
Ans : - It's very small size so we might missing some of functions keys, Removal or replacement of Key Cap

17.  What is NFC?
Ans: - Near Field Communication.

18. What does NFC allow you to do?
Ans: -Transfering data in short distances such as 4cm  or less, it provides authentication of devices without touching devices.

19.  Is m.2 a modular setup?
Ans: - Yes

20. M.2 interface on an SSD drive is larger than traditional SATA-connected SSD? True or False?
Ans : - False 







