DV125_36_PAS_On RAID 
Self-Assessment Sheet


Q1. What is used to store large amounts of information? 
Ans: Hard Drives




Q2. What can happen to hard drives eventually? 
Ans: They eventually break


Q3. What can be done to ensure data remains available if a drive fails? 
Ans: Use array of drive 


Q4. What is RAID? 
Ans: It is not backup, it is a very good way to backup data.(way to backup data), it is a uptime and availability 


Q5. What does RAID stand for? 
Ans: Redundant Array Of independent Disks

Q6. What is the difference between earlier versions of RAID and the current version? 
Ans: earlier acronym name is independent disk and now inexpensive disks


Q7. Do all RAID levels provide redundancy? 
Ans: No (some are not, RAID 0)


Q8. We referred to different types of RAID as ____________.
Ans. levels


Q9. What is RAID 0 or striping? 
Ans: it store data in equally separately in two drives


Q10. What is the benefit of splitting a single file across multiple drives? 
Ans: high performance (read write data speed high)


Q11. What is the problem with RAID 0? 
Ans: one broke then it can not retrieve data or file. Bcz half lost


Q12. How is RAID 1 different from RAID 0? 
Ans: It completely copy of one drive into another drive




Q13. What is the benefit of having duplicate drives? 
Ans: one broke so still can retrieve data from another drive


Q14. What is the consequence of having duplicate drives? 
Ans: required larger storage (approximately twice of it)


Q15. : What is RAID 5? 
Ans: Stripping with parity


Q16. How does RAID 5 work? 
Ans: all data stored in all across the drive and there is a parity assurance additional drive


Q17. What is the purpose of RAID 5? 
Ans: high redundancy, increase performance 


Q18. What happens if a single drive is lost in a RAID system? 
Ans: it can recover or restructure data based on other drive 


Q19. What is RAID 10? 
Ans: Stripe of mirror


Q20. What does a RAID 0 configuration look like? 
Ans: spread data in equally in all drives


Q21. What is RAID 1 plus 0? 
Ans: Mirroring each drive 


Q22. What are the benefits of RAID 1 plus 0? 
Ans: any one drive broke, we still up running bcz we have exact duplicate of that strip(drive)